let's talk about how to sell any B2B
offer on the planet absolutely every
single one of them this is how you do it
and this is the most common mistake I
see literally hundreds and thousands of
you making continuously over and over
and over again and this is why you don't
make any money so it would help you make
more money but first before we get into
that my name is Daniel fazo I the
co-founder of client Ascension and list
kit we did
$798,000 in cash collected last month we
probably be at a million a month of the
next couple months hopefully so what I'm
going to do is take the lessons from
that amount of money and relay it to you
so you can make substantially more in
your business if that sounds fair let's
get straight into this so number one
this is how you sell any B2B offer and
if you fail to follow this rule you'll
never make any money at all this is how
it works there is only one reason that
somebody buys a BB offer so context is
you're running an agency or a service
business of any kind there is only one
reason any business buys from you at all
ever and the answer is to make more
money now I know there's going to be a
category of here and you're going to say
some stupid [__] like no like some
people like I sell websites and they
just want to have it look nice and no
they're not buying it for money like
this just [__] nonsense it's wrong
let me help you understand this real
quickly let's say you're selling
websites right for what reason would a
business want a nice website any reason
at all just start spitting them out in
your head right it's oh because they
want nice branding okay let's go a level
deeper why do they want nice branding oh
so their customers feel like that like
it's a professional business okay why do
they want customers to feel like it's a
professional business oh uh uh the
[__] reason is so that the customers
pay more money or more customers buy
right so again the answer is so that
they can make more money now I'll give
you some real life examples that I've
encountered inside client assession
students who have joined that to get
helping me and grow their business so
the first one I'd like to talk about is
UI ux design so if you don't know what
that is that means user interface and
user experience design it's typically
for SAS or technology companies and
helps them like optimize what is on the
page and increase user engagement and I
was talking to one of the guys cuz he
sells this kind of business I was like
hey you need to position this to the
fact his customer is SAS companies so he
needs to convince SAS companies to pay
him money to do their UI ux design I'm
like hey you need to position this to
make it clear to the SAS companies that
your UI ux design helps them make more
money and he's like well that's not true
and I'm like what do you mean that's not
true he's like well a lot of them they
just wanted to look nice to increase
user engagement I'm like I don't think
you understand why would they want the
user engagement to increase and he's
like I don't know they just want users
to engage no no you want user engagement
to increase so that they continue using
the Sask and therefore if they continue
using the Sask that continued to pay for
the SAS correct and he's like oh okay I
get it now you see what I mean like this
is what I'm trying to get at there's
zero situation ever at all for any of
you running any of your business not a
single [__] one of you are ever going
to have any exception to this rule ever
so whatever you're trying to conco in
your head if you are objecting to this
it's wrong and if you just stop trying
to be right as opposed to just do what
is objectively correct you'll just make
way more money so let me give you
another example one is an AI automation
offer so I've had a couple of these guys
joined client as mention and one just
join right now in I'm conversation with
him and let me just read for me what
exactly he said so I said what have you
done for other companies so far and he
put built data extraction pipeline for
Excel and PDF files built machine
learning models to automate manual
classification and labeling of data
generate AI based reports which shows
Trends and insights built generative AI
based form generator which helps
internal teams quickly create forms to
capture data from users none of this
[__] means anything you see what I
mean you go to a business like hey I can
help you with AI stuff that can
automatically capture data from form as
if you can already [__] do that with
like internal functions of type form or
something you know what I me so what I'm
trying to get out of here what I
responded to him was how did this make
the business more money how did it make
the business more money right because if
it didn't either make the business more
money or reduce the amount of time that
they spent doing a task that it doesn't
actually do anything you know what I
mean is this just like taking Ai and
appending it on top of some like random
[__] function in the business that
they weren't any usefulness out of in
the first place cuz if that's the case
then you're never going to be able to
scale this business you see what I mean
this is what I'm trying to get at there
needs to be a very tangible and clear
and measurable outcome that occurs upon
the completion of your service or upon
the execution of your service it must be
very [__] abundantly clear that this
thing that you just did for the business
is going to make them this much more
money or reduce the amount of time they
just spent and it needs to be spelled
out very clearly for the business
because you might be under the
impression that let's say that we were
had some AI automation offer or some
[__] like that and let's say it
helps with like lead classification and
it segments those leads into different
buckets and sets them as a priority for
the sales team to contact quicker let's
say there's something like that let's
also say then that you were pitching
this to other businesses so you maybe if
your IQ is sufficiently high which a lot
of you watching this video right now you
probably made the automatic connection
inside of your head where it's like oh
if the leads are classified and if you
can get to the high intent leads way
faster you're going to make way more
money way faster right so you made that
connection in your head now the problem
is when you're pitching cold traffic in
thousands of people is that a lot of
people just don't make this automatic
connection so you have to very clearly
spell this out for instance if you were
to start building a headline or you were
to start running ad for this kind of
offer what you want to say is something
along the lines of AI automation for
sales teams that increases your sales
velocity by a minimum of 30% you see
what I mean and you'd have to say that
part right there increases your sales
velocity by a minimum of 30% you have to
be very openly clear about what exactly
is going on you see what I mean you
can't just say AI automation for sales
teams and be like what the [__] does
that mean and then they'll just not even
pay attention at all and leave right you
have to understand when you're
contacting cold traffic you need to be
very clear very very fast to get their
attention right cuz they don't owe you
anything people aren't obligated to read
through an entire message if you if you
don't capture their attention as
expeditiously as possible you understand
what I'm saying so what I'm trying to
get at here is you need to take whatever
you're selling and you need to make a
tangible outcome like what exactly
happens when somebody buys this because
absolutely nobody is buying a
deliverable they're buying the output
that the deliverable produces you see
what I mean nobody wants emails they
want Revenue but emails are just the
delivery function that allows the
revenue to occur you see what I mean so
all of you need to stop selling the
deliver you need to start selling the
outcome cuz that's the only thing that
people buy stop making this mistake this
is the most common mistake over and over
here let me walk you through one other
example another dude just came into
client sension and I was having a
conversation with him and it was
something along the he was working with
kind of like Boomer businesses like
local businesses and what not and he was
tell he wants to charge a lot more money
and obviously because he wants to make a
lot more money so what I was getting at
here is he does like content marketing
he does like video production and
whatnot and and I'm trying to tell him
like dude if you want to charge a client
like 3,000 a month or four5 ,000 a month
what you do for them needs to be able to
generate them like 3040 $50,000 B like
they need to get like a 10 times return
what you're trying to sell these people
but he's trying to sell this to like
local Boomer based businesses I'm like
dude that doesn't work like they
functionally it's like completely
impossible for them to even man it's
3040 $50,000 month the new B well you
have to sell this to online businesses
like people who sell online offers like
coaches and consultants and [__] like
this doesn't even functionally work you
see what I mean this is just an example
you have to sell something that makes
money and it needs to be in proportion
to the amount of money that can be
generated for the client so let's say
for instance we go back to this UI ux
design and my guy wants to sell it at
like $10,000 if this is like a brand new
little tiny SAS app some little like
little freelancer dude made this like
side project and the thing only makes
like $500 a month it's like you can't
charge this guy $10,000 like this this
dude is even going to make this over the
course of two years it's just a huge
problem right it needs to be congruent
so like you need to be very clear about
how much money is this going to make you
and then also is this client even the
vehicle with which their business is is
it even conceivably possible for them to
make that amount of money to justify the
amount I'm trying to charge and then
just reject the people who it doesn't
fit like you have a puzzle piece they
have a puzzle piece and it has to fit
perfectly and if you find people your
puzzle piece stop trying to force the
[__] puzzle pieces together cuz just
break you start bending the puzzle
pieces and [__] like stop doing that you
see what me all right I hope this was
valuable if it was please subscribe and
then there's two links in the
description one is client Ascension if
you are below $30,000 Pro then you want
to get there as fast as possible and
then there's also Olympia where if you
are above $330,000 per month and you
want to hit 100K 200k 300K a month put a
case study we spent 432k on ads made $
2.36 million case studies right there
I'll also leave the link for a one1 call
if you want to buy that with me a lot of
people just want to talk to me oneone
and that's it that's cool tool I'll
leave that in the description over there
all right peace